[Music]
my name is Travis Conrad I gave my
entire life to the agency until they
betrayed me
it took my family
it took my future they wouldn't even let
me die at peace
[Music]
you have less than 24 often live mr.
Conrad finish one last job and you'll
live to see tomorrow
[Music]
you have no idea what you've done I'm
gonna come at you with everything I've
got
send a strike team to find and kill
[Music]
and I have to get creative these guys
don't play nice neither do I
[Music]
he's one hell of a weapon with nothing
to lose its if my wife
if my son
see you can either walk away I'm gonna
walk away over your dead body
since somebody back for device
[Music]